(Episode 29)
Doctor Song.
He... He's still alive.
Doctor Song!
What about him next?
Shall I blow his head off too?
No.
Take them.
Boss.
You're back.
I brought the doctors.
You'll feel better soon.
Hurry up.
Are you okay?
I have to be.
He got two gunshot wounds on the abdomen.
He didn't get shot in his lungs or heart,
but his breathing is too unstable.
Let's turn him over.
There is only one exit wound.
Based on the position of the wound,
it looks like the bullet that went through damaged his right kidney.
How is his blood pressure?
It fell below 70.
It's highly likely that...
the bullet damaged major vessels as it penetrated or ricocheted.
We have to put in a central line, get him on an IV,
and move him to the hospital ship quickly.
Move him?
He will die without a surgery.
Do it here.
What did you say?
I said to do the surgery here.
I have to put him under general anesthesia and open him up.
This place is unsanitary, and we don't have anesthetics.
I can't operate on him here.
Take out your scalpel now!
Do you want me to kill this patient?
Do the surgery.
If I do, he will die.
Scalpel is a tool we use to save people's lives.
I can't use it recklessly and make it a weapon.
Start the surgery right now.
First of all,
please put that gun down.
Do you think you can fool me?
You're trying to take us all to the hospital ship...
and work something out, aren't you?
You know that if you drag out the surgery until the morning,
we won't be able to escape. Isn't that right?
That's not true.
An abdominal operation is a major surgery.
We need a lot of equipment for it.
But the patient's condition is too critical...
that we're not even sure if we can save him on the ship.
Then why do you want to take him there then?
Would you move him to a big hospital if we suggest it?
You can't, can you?
If you could,
you wouldn't have broken into our ship in the first place.
We have to go back to the hospital ship.
Although we don't have every equipment,
but we have people whom we've worked together with.
We've worked together to save people's lives. They will...
He's not breathing. Intubation.
Please.
Let us take him to the hospital ship.
It's the only way to save him.
Maybe we should do as they say.
Fine.
Let's go back to the ship.
But...
on one condition.
- What is it? - Three hours.
Finish the surgery in three hours.
What?
If it goes for even a minute longer than that,
we will kill everyone on your ship.
What do you say?
Doctor Song.
Can you do it?
- It's strange. - What?
The hospital ship disappeared.
What do you mean?
It was anchored at Kukdo Dock five minutes ago.
And it isn't now?
It's strange. I wonder if something happened to it.
What do you think happened to Doctor Song and Hyun?
I guess there is a way out of every situation indeed.
What do you mean?
That's...
Yes. It's a cellphone we have on the ship for emergency use.
How can we get to it?
Yes, sir.
You're coming back here?
Yes. Okay.
Who are Pyo Go Eun and Yoo Ah Rim?
- That's me. - Me.
Get up, and come with us.
- Move it! Now! - No!
- Nurse Pyo! - Nurse Yoo!
- Nurse Pyo! - Get up now!
Why do you need them? Where are you taking them?
(Geoje 505)
Get in.
What a mess.
Cut her free, and prepare to operate.
To operate?
What operation?
To sew up a man with bullets in his stomach.
Come on, get moving.
For a surgery like that,
you need more people than the two of us.
Get Cha Joon Young, the dentist.
Shut your mouth, and do as you're told.
Move it.
I told you clearly.
If your patient dies,
it's...
all on you.
Our boss.
How is he?
They said they'll operate.
Let's see what happens.
Shouldn't we get out of here?
Forget about loyalty.
If this were about loyalty, I'd have gone long ago.
The money we sent overseas.
Only our boss knows where it is.
He's also the only one who knows who to sell today's stash to.
We barely killed them off yesterday.
It's a matter of time before the gang knows they're dead.
They'll just send stronger fighters after us.
At 4am tomorrow...
a boat to take us to international waters will come to Biryeon.
This might be our last shot.
I told them...
to end the operation by 2:30am.
- And if they can't? - We kill them all and leave.
- Our boss too? - Him too.
Hospital ship.
Hospital ship, come in. Come in.
Come in, hospital ship.
Hospital ship.
Come in.
No answer?
Call the captain.
The phone is turned off.
His phone is off.
I can't get him on the radio,
and his phone is off?
[VIU Ver] Episode 29 Hospital Ship
"We Need to Move Him to The Hospital Ship"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Doctor Song.
Keep in mind.
You have three hours.
Finish the operation by 2:30am sharp.
After 2:30am,
I will kill...
a member of the crew...
for every minute after that.
Okay?
Doctor Song.
What now?
Why did we...
suggest bringing him on board?
The bullet has probably torn his blood vessels and organs,
and we can't get any blood for the transfusion.
Look at me.
What if we fail?
- The crew... - Look at me.
They'll die.
Like the men we saw.
Don't think about anything.
Don't think about the deadline they set...
or what will happen to the crew if we go over that deadline.
You don't need to think about anything.
Just...
think about the patient in front of you.
All you need to do...
is your best to save the patient.
Whatever happens after that...
is not your fault.
Can we...
stay like this for a while?
Shall we...
begin now?
Scalpel.
(Emergency Numbers)
Up.
(Coast Guard, 122)
(Fire Department, 119)
The bullet that went through his side...
ruined his right kidney. Just as we expected.
The bullet left inside...
Here it is.
The other bullet.
The bullet ricocheted off his spine...
and ruptured a vein.
Then...
We'll remove the clot, excise his right kidney,
and repair the blood vessel.
(Excise: To cut out)
Without any complications,
we should be able to finish in two-and-a-half hours.
Sounds great.
You're as good as I heard.
Don't touch anything.
This is an OR.
We must keep everything as clean as possible...
to save the patient.
Sure, sure.
I'll be more careful.
Get back to work.
The clock's ticking.
Don't worry too much. Take your time.
Stay calm.
The patient's stable.
Just a bit more.
Up.
A little up.
Yes, that's it.
You punk.
You're dead meat.
You deserve a kick. Darn it.
- Stop it. - Mr. Chu.
How dare you?
Darn it.
Come here.
- Darn it. - Please stop.
What's going on?
What are you doing to our team?
They probably deserve it.
We still have two more hours.
You promised to let us go...
if the operation goes well. But...
what is going on?
What are you doing to our staff?
Gosh, what a nuisance.
What is it?
We found a phone.
A phone?
Did you check the list of calls?
Did they report us?
Are you okay?
No, they didn't report us yet.
If that's the case, stop it.
The sensitive Dr. Song says...
she can't perform an operation because it's too loud!
What are you doing?
Aren't you going to continue the surgery?
The clock is ticking.
(Coast Guard)
Yes, sir.
Pardon? The hospital ship disappeared?
- What does that mean? - The GPS can't track it.
The hospital ship is docked safely. Yes.
Perhaps there is a problem with the automatic identification system.
Try calling the captain.
I already tried.
I can't contact the captain or Mr. Chu.
There's no response on the emergency line.
Is that so?
That's very strange.
Okay, we'll go and take a look.
Yes, sir.
Dr. Song. The blood pressure is decreasing too fast.
What's going on?
What have you done to him?
Are you going to kill him?
Answer me now!
Stop. Put that gun away.
If you want the patient alive,
move that gun right away.
It's okay. Don't listen to him.
Don't worry about anything else except the patient.
What happened to the patient just now?
I think the bullet in the stomach...
tore the inferior vena cava.
I didn't notice due to a hematoma.
What must we do now?
Think.
Don't worry about anything. Stay calm, and think.
I'm suppressing it from bleeding.
Stay calm, and think.
If you think,
you can...
find the solution.
Year 2013. We're in terrible state.
The civil war continues.
We have several dozens of patients injured by gunshots every day.
There are many injured soldiers younger than 12.
However, we don't have a sufficient supply of blood.
As such, during our operation...
as our last resort...
Autologous blood transfusion.
Nurse Yoo.
Prepare silicon tubes and empty a saline solution bag.
- What for? - Please hurry.
Go on.
- Hang in there. - What will you do?
Syria.
Syria?
Will you go to a war zone?
No. My workplace can get...
as dangerous as a war zone.
In Korea in the 21st century?
Yes.
During the operation, as our last resort,
we perform autologous blood transfusion.
Despite all the risks,
we choose this method...
because there is no other way to save the patients.
When the bag is full, transfuse it back to the patient.
- Keep changing the bag, okay? - Yes, doctor.
It'll keep him alive for now.
But it's only temporary.
We need at least 10 bags if his inferior vena cava is torn.
The patient has lost too much blood already.
Autologous blood transfusion won't suffice, right?
What should we do?
We need all the blood from the people onboard.
I'll start.
The patient's blood type is B.
My blood type is O, so I can give mine to anyone.
- Nurse Pyo, please come here. - Okay.
Hold the blood vessel in my hand.
Okay.
Nurse Pyo will help you from now on.
I'll be back soon.
Nurse Yoo, come back after a scrub.
You practiced a lot.
This is your place now.
Can you do it?
Yes, of course, Doctor.
Doctor Cha.
Here you go.
Joon Young, act as a circulating nurse and monitor the patient.
(Circulating nurse assists the operation while circulating.)
- Take it and follow me. - What do you mean?
Follow me right now if you want to save him.